if he also wanted to say that I'm going to give
the reference of some people that I
consulted as rony vargas mario
pereyra that in the chain 3 the rabbit
baldassi my friend the cat noelia
chichilo viale luis judge and the secret
professional with deviant
no no but they have insulted me gabriel
raies josé palazón that the one who does the
cosquín rock and that the mandarin of the
cocktails to see all these two little things
we like to see it calmer than the
another day in a country would be
persecuted for justice because yesterday
it's not me now I hugged a hug
imaginary television with you condemn
but here Dr. Alexander has something
for me I like it I enjoy it a lot
I have a lot of fun on my mobile
I enjoy but I say I think of a
bunch of people that out there are not in
conditions of understanding what is the
joke about this in a country seriously that
I should be being chased by
illegal exercise of medicine ie
the reality although it is a pity
releasable by luck for you
but I 'm worried about this, I understand
the joke not only of this brujito edited
the sorcerers there are but I think there
people who believe in this
many times it is abused of what I say
exercise is promised water can
have scam to tell me not even
the scam worries me I worry about the
guy that out there fall into a
despair and falls into this kind of
I think issues they are two
I answer, look, I show things
with facts not me after god does not
I'm afraid of nothing, I do not take charge
what I say and it's a concept of yours that the
true that someone can say that I am
the best or the worst is not true you
ask all the media of córdoba the
boat to which you are a good
show man and me from that point of view
but I say it seems to me that people have
to know that this is a show that you
It has less power than the tied action and
that people need to know and not me
I like to tell you the truth I could not
let go because I see that after
this is a lot of people who are sick
many people who are on pilgrimage and nothing else
called once and I was cured by
flat foot when I was 7 years old still
Of course I have legs that look like a
elephant but just what I want you
to say is that in this the whole world falls and
sometimes one thing is well flat again
it's people who are sick we have to
make it clear that you do not cure anything and
you do not help in anything
antonio caring
And Luis Judge, I say this, Luis Pascual
he was taking it as a joke because it is
lawyer was a prosecutor I think we say
you are closer to being opened
cause to heal someone now with
all respect what I say yes
you the names that I have given can
call on the phone I do not want to say that
I sometime especially the doctor
I bid you judge anyone who
ask of condepah which in córdoba in
the interior is going to tell you that I'm loyal
Honest and sincere because I know my
belly button
you know what is a bad
I'm going to make a person
because they are changing the energy of
Count, we had it soft, the wise
doctor please and 700 pesos an hour
alessandro I say one thing I understand
where are you going but the energy of
Count is changing at this time
is david leaning out of the mobile is
well also the signal is all good with
the quiet one there is some form of power
explain Mr. Mauricio alessandro
is a very important lawyer who
he is always very attentive to everything
are the causes and it is also always in
American breakfast on a story by
the morning maybe you can not see
television is a great Mauritian friend to
they are in some way that we
we can show him that what is
saying maybe they are not there or that
can refute what you
I imagine that as a man of law I say to
you doctor with all respect is not
true that the only thing that is proven is
that is signed or recorded therefore
I tell you that in very bad taste
distrust people or put on TV
judgment of who you do not know
notice that man can escape from
anything but fear I to
you 20 one day you are going to hit the
car does not go
but I say no to me let's say that the
I'm really sucked an egg but
With all due respect, I tell him that I'm sucked
but I tell you this for which
not that he stays
where did lisandro's doctor go
I want to know something has a vision that
he had and is warning him as to
to heal
condemn what I want to ask you
offers to the community
you that the community offers you to
change of 700 pesos per query
I do not charge 700 people who know him
you charge 700 pesos totally
unfounded I charge 100 pesos the query
and in all cases I have to see if
people are compatible if you can
help if you are that can solve
what do you help a person who
wait wait wait wait
tell someone to visit my page